She had to, man.
He was testing her.
You got to remember,
her ass is on the line,
just like ours.
You're feeling this girl
way too much.
She's like that
crazy-ass trailer rat
from back in the day, Tanya.
Tanya?
Man, you went out
with her after I did.
I mean,
I couldn't let
it go to waste.
- I got you. I got you.
- I got you.
Is that right?
We go race for cash,
but when I step on the gas,
my nitrous go blast,
leave your ass in the past.
Tej, you about to
lose your garage.
Whatever, man.
I'm a low-budget mechanic,
but I overcharge.
Pay me! Let's go, man.
Pay me my money.
I told you, man.
I'm glad you're happy man.
I'm so glad. This is my
garage, boy.
Royal flush.
Give me this, man.
You got to talk to him,
talk to him.
Damn, you can't play
and play it for long.
Put that money
back on the table.
You know it's mine next hand.
Jimmy, how are you gonna
pay me back if you keep
losing to Tej like that?
How you doing, bro?
Real good.
I'm going to crash, Tej.
I'll catch you tomorrow.